README.md, before:

SENEKA
======

## Description
This stack contains several drivers and algorithms that have been developed at Fraunhofer IPA for the SENEKA project.

The different algorithms and drivers are described in more detail in their respective Readme's or the source code.

## Installation
As this stack contains dependencies to non-released packages and libraries, you need to put some extra effort into installing those correctly prior to the first build.

### Installing the optris_drivers package required for the ThermoVideoManager
Please call the following commands from the folder where you cloned the seneka repository in:
```bash
rosinstall . seneka/seneka.rosinstall
rosdep install seneka optris_drivers 
```
This will check out the `optris_drivers` package from the repo specified in the `seneka.rosinstall` file.

### Building the `seneka_sony_camera node`
The `seneka_sony_camera` node requires the eBus SDK which is provided by Pleora (http://www.pleora.com/our-products/ebus-sdk).
Thus, the package is not automatically built using the ROS build system, as a specific cmake command steps out of the build process for this package.

If you want to build it, you need to install the eBus SDK and `source set_puregev_env` in `/opt/pleora/ebus_sdk/bin`.
This sets the required environment variables for building. Those environment variables are also needed for running the node later on.

However, this driver is only required for the sensor nodes or for testing the sony_camera.
Thus, you do not need to have the SDK for developing code other than that related to this package.

### Now you're good to go
If everything has been set up correctly, the SENEKA stack should now be built.
Else, you have to start ...

### Debugging
If not, check that you have checked out the optris_drivers package, that this package builds, that you can link to the respective libraries therein as well as to libudev-dev.
Also, if you want to build `seneka_sony_camera`, make sure you have installed the required libraries and that the respective environment variables are sourced.

Commit message:

renaming repository to seneka_sensor_node

README.md, after:

SENEKA_SENSOR_NODE
======

## Description
This stack contains several drivers and algorithms that have been developed at Fraunhofer IPA for the SENEKA project.

The different algorithms and drivers are described in more detail in their respective Readme's or the source code.

## Installation
As this stack contains dependencies to non-released packages and libraries, you need to put some extra effort into installing those correctly prior to the first build.

### Installing the optris_drivers package required for the ThermoVideoManager
Please call the following commands from the folder where you cloned the seneka repository in:
```bash
rosinstall . seneka_sensor_node/seneka_sensor_node.rosinstall
rosdep install seneka_sensor_node optris_drivers 
```
This will check out the `optris_drivers` package from the repo specified in the `seneka_sensor_node.rosinstall` file.

### Building the `seneka_sony_camera node`
The `seneka_sony_camera` node requires the eBus SDK which is provided by Pleora (http://www.pleora.com/our-products/ebus-sdk).
Thus, the package is not automatically built using the ROS build system, as a specific cmake command steps out of the build process for this package.

If you want to build it, you need to install the eBus SDK and `source set_puregev_env` in `/opt/pleora/ebus_sdk/bin`.
This sets the required environment variables for building. Those environment variables are also needed for running the node later on.

However, this driver is only required for the sensor nodes or for testing the sony_camera.
Thus, you do not need to have the SDK for developing code other than that related to this package.

### Now you're good to go
If everything has been set up correctly, the SENEKA_SENSOR_NODE repository should now build correctly.
Else, you have to start ...

### Debugging
If not, check that you have checked out the optris_drivers package, that this package builds, that you can link to the respective libraries therein as well as to libudev-dev.
Also, if you want to build `seneka_sony_camera`, make sure you have installed the required libraries and that the respective environment variables are sourced.
